once you start to realize that
everything they told you is a lie things
start to make sense you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
if we take their message those in the
government the media and the
establishments and start to process that
information as propaganda rather than as
fact it starts to make a lot of sense
and I've been doing this for many many
years once you start to see like Neo in
the Matrix it makes a lot of sense now
in today's video I'm going to show you
some things that might be hard for
people to understand simply because it's
not what I'm been told everyone's saying
that this is the opposite how could it
be but I'm going to show you the very
real truth we can look at anecdotal
evidence and we can look at the raw data
we put these things together and we
start to paint a picture are you ready
let's begin here we go Jen Z
Philadelphia couple from successful
families shoot to fame as homeless
influencers insist on living in a tent
uh that that is better than getting a
job or having to pay rent all right so
basically their families they're both
successful they were living inside of
you you may have seen the video they
were living inside of these storage
lockers
um then they moved into a tent so you
could see the two right here uh you may
have seen the other video whereby they
you know went and started to say hey we
are doing good uh we're living in this
Locker here everything's all good um if
they have it in this one and basically
what they're just trying to say is
everything was fine with us until our
video went viral and when it did well
then we kind kind of got in trouble
because they kicked us out so they had
to move up into a tent their parents
said come back home you can come back
home they said no so this is potentially
what a lot of people are doing in that
they do not want to live the lifestyle
of a 9-to-5 job even if that means the
uncertainty of living out in the wild
it's so unusual but I have to say this
whatever their decisions are whatever's
happening here if this is a growing
Trend we're seeing a lot of people Liv
in intense that's for sure living in
their
vehicles but and you can give your
opinion on that in the
comments but what I see here is a big
problem you could have people let's say
50 years ago they would come to the
United States they would come to Canada
from different parts of the world they
didn't even speak English okay they
could somehow
come and as long as they were working
they could afford a house they could
afford if they couldn't afford house
they could afford a little condo a
little apartment and it wasn't an issue
they made it happen as long as they were
employed if they weren't employed
different
story but they worked and they were able
to get a place now today people who have
been living here can't even afford it
they graduate from college University
and they're just saying okay I can't
afford anything I'm like heavily in debt
can't afford anything does that seem
right to you we've got a
problem 40-year-old homeowner says the
economy doesn't add up I'm making the
most money I've ever made and I'm still
living paycheck to paycheck now that
could be you know different factors
could be they're bad with their money
they could be spent on this it could be
a you know situ ation in their life that
was unfortunate it could have been a
divorce it could have been a health
problem you don't know what's going on
with people's lives but so many times
I'm hearing this and it
is it's brutal to hear it and it shows
us fundamentally there's a problem big
problem and don't just wait for more
problems to pile up cuz I'm telling you
they're coming start start to take
control of your life if you live in
Canada are you earning something other
than Canadian currency imagine for every
dollar you earned you were then earning
30 cents on top of that you gave
yourself a raise of 30 cents isn't that
nice that's how you just you just got to
learn how to make US dollar make US
dollar you just gave yourself a 30%
bonus
how do you do that how do you earn how
do you earn money in the UK if you're in
Canada that would be even a bigger
bonus you got to start to open your eyes
to these things I cover that in depth in
my live classes that I do on Friday and
Sunday okay particularly uh on the
Sunday class all right two years after
the FED began hik in interest rates to
tame prices delinquency rates on credit
cards and auto loans are the highest in
more than a decade so you've got a big
problem that people can't pay it back
student loans they're saying uh yeah we
just got an issue because we can't pay
it yeah $1.7 trillion and they can't pay
it there's a lot of it being
forgiven but are you going to forgive
all 1.7 trillion that's going to be an
issue quarterly net charge offs you
could see that this has increased
billions upon billions of dollars are
not being paid interest payments by
household this is increasing the the
total number like total dollar value as
well as looking at the you know
percentage here of course interest rates
are much higher than they've been in a
long time so you've got that on in the
household paying a lot but also uh the
government to imagine a trillion dollars
of Interest trillion bucks just an
interest it's worthless it's not that's
not productive at all that trillion
could have went to support the economy
that trillion could have went to give
your better infrastructure Better Health
Care real education not the nonsense we
have
today but instead
interest you know it's wild okay
households take on debt faster than
before the financial crisis this the
aggregate Us credit card balance what
why why would somebody want something
that is 20% interest okay number one
it's it's easy right it's an easy thing
to simply pull out the plastic scan it
and as long as you make the minimums
everything's all good of course it's
not but a lot of the people are are
desperate they need whatever that is and
they are using their credit card to pay
for it not everybody lowest earners saw
the biggest increase in delinquencies
we're seeing this all over the place
there's no question about it you pull
the FED data directly from the fed and
you see that every month they produce
that American dream of owning a home is
dead majority of renters say of course
you've got people that could come to the
country and they now have to live four
people eight people you know like
stacked up to the sky bunk beds
because these things are like it's
unimaginable how expensive it
is it's a Telltale sign of a devaluing
currency and a bubble that has been
built homeowners need to earn 80% more
than in 2020 to afford a house in this
market you see this 80% more do you did
your salary increase by 8 % the vast
majority of people will say no that's
not true that did not happen and so for
so many people if you're not increasing
your
income by 50% a year and I've told this
to the people in my live sessions I said
you got to figure out a way to increase
by 50% per year and that's and I'm not
saying that in a way you know
to to shock anybody or to hurt anybody
I'm saying that because that will be a a
level that will allow you to survive and
you'll be
okay that's shocking to me to say that
but it it's not meant to um this is the
world we live in today where inflation
numbers will not add up to real
inflation and in order to be comfortable
you need to have more much more than you
think because prices
are so high and they're not coming down
so like you know this thing is coming
behind you it's like you know being
chased and and you could see the big
thing the big boulder it's chasing it's
coming it's coming it's getting closer
it's getting closer and this thing is
going to roll over you but you've got to
be able to get ahead there's no question
about that there's no doubt about this
and I talk about this over over time but
you you can see it here anyway
Supermarket sticker shock grocery prices
outpace Consumer Price Index people are
paying more for the basics and they
don't even realize that this is not
going to stop food prices are up Energy
prices looking at the housing prices
rent
everything a programmable Army of
humanoid robots they are going to
replace human labor with robots Ai and
they are going to do so at a rate you
simply cannot keep up with understand
that this is happening even Sam ultman
has said that the rate at which the pace
at which you know AI is advancing
Robotics are advancing the people cannot
be retrained on it it's not like ah you
know what we'll just all get jobs doing
stuff with robots it's not going to
happen if you're going to school now you
could start learning this stuff but even
leather jacket man from Nvidia said
himself don't learn
programming okay Sam ultimate said
programming will be done in natural
language in the near future this is the
world we live in today it's evolving so
fast you can't keep up two things I got
Finance Friday I got my business Sunday
the business one I teach people how to
start making money from places all
around the world so that you can take
advantage of the circumstance es that
you could not do before the online
business world is something that I have
been doing and I'm winding down the
money GPS so that you know just I
shouldn't say I'm winding it down it
winded itself down and now um you know I
I am basically just doing this and that
that's what I do I'm going to spend more
time and more energy and more effort
with the live classes on Friday on
Sunday and um you know I hope they
you'll join me on there so you can learn
what I do it's all about that link is in
the description if you're interested hit
that thumbs up button on the way out and
as always I'll see you tomorrow take
care